    "Don't drink and type.",
    "Command not found. Just like your brain.",
    "Bot rule 544 section 9 prevents me from replying to stupid humans like you.",
    "Sorry, we do not sell brains.",
    "Believe me you are not normal.",
    "I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.",
    "If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.",
    "You didn't evolve from apes, they evolved from you.",
    "What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.",
    "You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.",
    "I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.",
    "As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?",
    "Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.",
    "Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!.......I doubt it though",
    "Everyone has the right to be stupid but you are abusing the privilege.",
    "I'm sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid. I thought you already knew that.",
    "You should try tasting cyanide.",
    "You should try sleeping forever.",
    "Pick up a gun and shoot yourself.",
    "Try bathing with Hydrochloric Acid instead of water.",
    "Go Green! Stop inhaling Oxygen.",
    "God was searching for you. You should leave to meet him.",
    "You should Volunteer for target in an firing range.",
    "Try playing catch and throw with RDX its fun.",
    "People like you are the reason we have middle fingers.",
    "When your mom dropped you off at the school, she got a ticket for littering.",
    "You’re so ugly that when you cry, the tears roll down the back of your head…just to avoid your face.",
    "If you’re talking behind my back then you’re in a perfect position to kiss my A-S-S!.",
    "Awww! how cute.....me not you",
    "You are so ugly that if one direction sees you, they will change their direction to another...",
    "You left your brain to God go and take it...",
    "If you think you are an idiot..............then you are absolutely right...",
    "I’m busy right now, can I ignore you some other time?",
    "Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?",
    "You must have been born on a highway because that’s where most accidents happen.",
    "If common sense is common why are you without it?",
    "Zombies eat brains, don’t worry, you’re safe.",
    "You sound better with your mouth closed.",
    "I’d slap you but that would be animal abuse.",
    "Your birth certificate is an apology letter from durex",
    "I would like to apologize to anyone I have not yet offended. Please be patient. I will get to you shortly."
    "You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.",
    "If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet.",
    "You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?",
    "You're everything I want in someone I don't want anymore.",
    "You bring everyone so much joy! You know, when you leave the room. But still.",
    Light travels faster than sound. This is why you appear bright until you spoke."
    "Why don’t you have a common sense if it’s common?",
    "Have a great day, somewhere else.",
    "I will always keep your secrets secure. I don’t even pay attention when you tell me them.",
    "You are living evidence that people can survive without brains.",
    "I thought evolution was true until I met you.",
    "You’ll get far someday. I hope you’d stay there.",
    "I keep thinking you can’t get any dumber and you keep proving me wrong.",
    "You are so unattractive that when you glanced in the mirror, your reflection tried to walk away."
    "I’ll never forget how we first met. But I’ll keep attempting."
    "There’s a person for everybody out there. It’s a psychologist for you."
    "Mirrors cannot speak. Fortunately for you, neither can they laugh."
    "Don’t attempt to think too much. Your stupidity might injure your brain.",
    "I want to help you. Which direction did you come from?"